# mnist-lasso-regression
This paper illustrates the regression techniques in curve fitting for supervised learning problems. This paper introduces the frameworks of solving linear system in regression frameworks with underdetermined and overdetermined systems by applying L1 and L2 regularizers .This technique allows us to extract important features in finding relationships between data variables with their corresponding labels. This paper demonstrates the feature extraction on digit detection application on MNIST dataset by using various least square fitting algorithms such as Ridge, Lasso, Elastic Net regression.

Curve fitting is one of the basic and important applications of machine learning to various business application used heavily in prediction models. All of machine learning, including neural networks, revolves around optimization with respect to a loss function. Curve fitting is the direct application of supervised learning methods and regression algorithms that comes from solving the linear system to find the mapping x from the provided data A to its labels b:
	A x = b
Formula 1: Regression algorithm of curve fitting for supervised learning. 
The matrix A with shape (m by n) can be built with m row vector corresponding to a data instance with n features has its corresponding label in matrix b of shape (m by k). Many supervised learning problems can essentially be summarized by this representation. For example, matrix A can contains features of houses by their locations, number of bedrooms, location, sizes and their labels can be prices of the houses so we can determine the mapping x to predict house prices from the features. In voice recognition in smart assistant devices, b can be the labels to verify the owner’s voice and the features are the audio input to the device. In computer vision, A can represent images and b are the labels corresponding to the object that appear in that image to perform multi class label classification in object detection problem. We can effectively solve for the matrix mapping x using various linear algebra techniques such as finding the pseudo-inverse of matrix A to solve for x or Gaussian elimination. However, in reality, the mapping x can be a hard problem to solve since this can be an overdetermined system or underdetermined systems, which means, from linear algebra,  that the matrix A with shape (m by n) can have m >> n(no solution) or n >> m (infinite solution). Therefore, we need to change the problem from solving a matrix to a regression problem by fitting the matrix x to satisfy the constraints as well as applying some conditions to choose matrix x from various solutions. This paper will examine various regression algorithms to effectively solve for x as well as apply these various algorithms to perform a supervised learning task to classify handwritten digit images. 
